# dogeScrape

This is a project to scrape the Department of Government Efficiency website to grab useful information for ease of processing. 

## dogeScrape.py
* dogeScrape handles accessing doge.gov to grab all of the data and download the raw html from each of the tables
* As of now, the scraper manually clicks on every pagination link for each table and simply downloads the entire selected paginated table

## tableParse.py
* After the html files are scraped, the tableParse script will actually process all of the html data and turn it into csv files

## exploreData.py
* This is sort of my data playgroud that I use to test the scripts, make a report, etc.

## Notes
- There are a lot of FPDS links that has some missing data. The missing data is denoted by a lack of text in a table cell. You can take a look at the exploreData script to see the rows that have missing data. 
- I had trouble looking for how this information looks when accessing the doge.gov website, since I can't exactly search for anything on the website (elon help a brother out). I will look for ways to refine the script so I can account for this missing data.


## Future features 
- Some plans to implement some contract data extension using the federal apis (thanks to this github: https://github.com/m-nolan/doge-scrape)
- I want to have a live updating feature and create api endpoints for the doge website for easy use and increased government transparency. It would just be a bunch of json files what are generated by the doge website

## Some interesting data grabbed using the DOGE website! (as of Mar 26)
*these things update so fast!*

**Total savings from doge_real_estate_savings.csv:** $399,847,309.00

**Total savings from doge_grants_savings.csv:** $32,381,605,154.19

**Total savings from doge_contracts_savings.csv:** $21,613,605,259.00

### **Total sum of all tables is:** $54,395,057,722.19
